Congratulations, you have just finished the fourth lesson in this course.
In this lesson, we learned how to apply user segment analysis,
to reveal opportunities, to optimize our products for different types of users.
In the first section of this lesson,
we discussed different types of user segments.
We learned how to break down users into smaller groups based on their start date,
their demographics, and their behavior.
We also examined why different user types
might show different performance on key metrics.
In the second section,
we learned how to apply segment analysis to funnel analysis in Tableau.
Finally, in the third part of this lesson,
we learned how to use segment analysis when reviewing feature usage data.
By adding segment analysis to feature and funnel analysis,
we learned a valuable skill that helps product managers identify areas
where a product can be improved to better appeal to different kinds of users.
Segment analysis is part of the cycle of iterative data-driven design.
Analyzing segment data can show
product managers areas that need further research to improve.
Research leads to experiments,
and experiments provide more data that can be
used to continue the process of optimization.
Congratulations on completing this lesson,
and see you in the next lesson: quantitative and qualitative data.